Hello, everyone.
So Phillip Davis is fine.
We have got our Dan Plus, which is going to be responsible for testing and running of the application.
We have covered this account blast, which has also several functionalities, like initially, we have
variables for customer number, pin number, checking balance and savings balance.
So basically, it is handling the types of accounts and getting and setting the seismic accessible variables
are to like accessible by all the classes with the help of these get circumvented.
Also, we have used calculation check for to checking Twitter savings, video checking the deposit and
savings deposit and also we have like calculators for checking that transfer.
So this is like calculating all the types of balances, transfers taking place, which we have discussed
in the prototype section.
Then this is going to like calculate all the amounts being transferred between the accounts.
Also, we have like get the methods for checking back to the drawing board, saving the the drawing
board and deposit for board checking and savings account.
So like basically it is checking for the valid input and if then what is the value and then performing
tasks accordingly.
So these are the methods for both her to draw and deposit for both the types of accounts are doing that
now.
After that, we have a good time and time for checking the transfers.
Input also was recovered in the last time that this transfer input is going to like check for us to
lead the types of accounts which is being important, whether it be the checking account or the savings
account.
So according to that type of account and fraud task force, then the choices are paid accordingly.
So if we are in the checking account, then we will be transferring funds to the savings account and
versa.
And also, we are using like a triangular a block exception handling method for handling the exceptions
that may arise while transporting and depositing funds.
So yes, we are checking everything with our separate going along and we have like functions for everything.
So these switch gears we are using for the likes and navigating between the cases, like if the choices
are made correctly, then the slope will execute.
Otherwise, this switch gears will return and nothing will be performed.
The default case is that if not a valid choices like enter dividing to the keyboard, then it will going
to like show output like invalid choice.
So yes, this is the overall thing.
Make our feel now in this box like we are going to cover that hard glass we discussed about earlier
is the options menu glass.
So the options menu glass is going to cover all the options which are going to be like this plane.
We have discussed this in introduction.
Yes, all the options like this dive one two three four five.
And for these checking sound exists also are going to be handled with the help of offer options menu
glass.
Similarly, for these checking, we have types and these types are basically the members of the options
menu.
So these options menu, I'm going to contain all these dives and I've got three functions with those
specific choices and what actions don't be performed on the call of that specific choice.
So what I wanted to do is perform is going to be accessed with the help of this account.
Plus, we have like functions for every choice to be me in the options menu glass.
So yes, we are going to call these savings deposit or whether it can be anything we have use to get
them my time.
So with the help of this, we can use these all the global variables, which are private inside accounts
last inside.
The option menu plus.
So we will see all that.
Now let us first create a new file inside the five C folder.
Call it as option menu, not the Java.
So this file inside the C folder is going to create a public class called as option menu.
And this class is basically going to contain all the options left and the exception handling regarding
the choices.
So inside this public Knox, we are going to initially or scanner will be closed as if the user is going
to put any choice.
So what is going to be the like method to grab the choice like to grasp the choice and thought by the
user.
So we are using this scanner for scanning the specific input we are using this new scanner.
So this scanning is going to create a scanner opponent and now your mind is going to be system docking.
So this system dart then is going to be the argument inside the scanner.
So yes, this is like yes.
So we are done with the creation of this scanner, which is going to scan all of the.
The types entered by the user.
So after the creation of this scanner, we will be displaying them money for Mac.
So like the decimal format is going to be used as the format for the money displaying.
So money format.
And a new decimal format object is going to be created.
For taking input offshore, yes, the sign for the decimal format of the morning book is going to be,
yes, our dollar sign.
We can use also our closing this with our single inverted comma.
And we asked after this closer, we are using this slash.
So basically, these are the methods for displaying the money.
So suppose we have a twenty thousand dollars, so we are going to be displaying it of twenty thousand
and door to door like door to zero zero.
So this is going to be basically the format of the displaying the amount of money.
So three slashes and then those lashes zero point zero zero.
So initially, we have the like this by default, the value in our money format and later it will be
updated accordingly.
We discussed about hash maps in the beginning and what actually these hash map sign.
So these hash maps are going to be the links between the types of choices and the functions attached
to the specific choices like this.
We can see that.
Let me first create this hash map.
So this is the syntax for creating a hash map in Java.
Hash map is basically a function or like our data as we can see that we use inside Java.
And this data will help us to link things and like they can perform tasks integrated manner like if
we say, OK, we will be explaining this, then the help of this slide.
So suppose we are choosing type one and the functions are tasked with it is New Balance.
So this attachment is due to the mercy of the hash maps.
So you can see that in the hash map.
We are having two arguments integer and account and these hash maps that helping us to initially for
suppose this types of accounts.
So these links between type one and the type of specific account is due to the help of hash maps.
So hash maps helps us to map states.
We can attach indexes to specific options and then the tests will be performed accordingly for like
specific choices.
We have already discussed it in the working video.
Upon that, hash maps are going to link things and then tasks will be performed according to that specific
link.
So this helps us to make sure that this type of one is attached to only checking account and not any
other T, and this type two is attached to this savings account.
So once we hit choice store, then we enter in those savings accounts only.
Not any other options.
So I this is the benefit of using hash maps.
So after this, we made several imports which are going to be required inside this option menu glass,
such as decimal format for this hash maps for integrating the options with specific functions and input
output exceptions, suppose that there are any kind of exception then that is going to be handled inside
this package.
And similarly, in danger.
I believe that a map and scans.
So these imports will help us to, like all the components in the are different parts of code.
So inside this get log in.
Function, this is going to throw an exception when the log in is like not happening correctly, suppose
that the user entered the correct customer number might mistakenly entered the wrong pin number.
So that is going to be an exception.
And according to which output will be generating that invalid customer number, pin number and if any
of the invalid count of characters entered by the user suppose that the numerical value is not in some
alphabetical order, anything isn't done.
We are allowing only integers in the customer pin number, our customer number 19 number.
So yes, if any invalid characters are and then the input mismatch exception will be called and this
will turn this statement that invalid character only numbers are allowed.
And yes, we are discard this that customers been.
And yes, the customer number and pin number should be correctly by the user.
Whatever is used while creating this specifico from which they use very strange to.
Now, looking at the next step, like initially we we asked for the time of logging the customer number
and pin number, the next step was to get that type of account.
So for getting that type of account from the option menu, we are using this guest account type function
busing account as the account we have already created as a class inside this account yellow file.
And this is going to like show options like checking account savings account.
And so we have to make choices between these three.
Now we are using like a switch case for entering into that specific account, which is like chosen by
the user.
So if the user chose the checking account, then we are calling this checking my code for entering the
checking account.
Now the options will be displayed according to only checking account type option.
Similarly, with this savings account, and if that is any kind of exception like users input any other
value other than one or three, then it will throw exception that in invalid choices mean.
And similarly, for the cash flow, if anything other than these types are and don't, then and it will
be like displaying that you may have an invalid choice.
Try making a valid choice.
So looking up to what is supposed to be performed next.
So we have successfully logged in.
We have chosen Typekit or type of account.
We want to make transactions.
And then the next step is to display the options view balance with to draw funds, deposit funds of
funds.
According to that, choose an account where there needs to be the saving account or the checking account.
So yes, the next step is to create a function for get saving and then later forget checking.
So we will be creating separate function for saving account options when checking accounts option.
So we will be covering that specific functions in the next five.